<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" dir="ltr"
 lang="en">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  <title>Zookeepr - to-do list</title>
</head>
<body>
<div id="globalWrapper">
<div id="column-content">
<div id="content"> <a name="top" id="top"></a>
<h1>Zookeepr to-do list<br>
</h1>
<div id="bodyContent">
<div id="contentSub"></div>
<p>This is the to-do list, as exported from the lca2008 wiki on
8.2.2008 and later edited.
</p>
<p>
It's probably here only temporarily; eventually, it should be moved
into a
proper bug-tracker when we set one up.
</p>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ul>
  <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Discussion_points"><span
 class="tocnumber">0</span> <span class="toctext">Discussion points</span></a>
  </li>
  <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Status"><span class="tocnumber">1</span>
    <span class="toctext">Status</span></a>
    <ul>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#bzr_branches"><span
 class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">bzr branches</span></a></li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Deadlines"><span class="tocnumber">2</span>
    <span class="toctext">Deadlines</span></a></li>
  <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#To-do_list"><span class="tocnumber">3</span>
    <span class="toctext">To-do list</span></a>
    <ul>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Needed_to_close_call-for-papers"><span
 class="tocnumber">3.1</span> <span class="toctext">Needed to close
call-for-papers</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Needed_for_paper_reviewing"><span
 class="tocnumber">3.2</span> <span class="toctext">Needed for paper
reviewing</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Needed_for_Registration_open"><span
 class="tocnumber">3.3</span> <span class="toctext">Needed for
Registration open</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#ASAP"><span class="tocnumber">3.4</span>
        <span class="toctext">ASAP</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Other"><span class="tocnumber">3.5</span>
        <span class="toctext">Other</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Non_Urgent.2C_Wish-List"><span
 class="tocnumber">3.6</span> <span class="toctext">Non Urgent,
Wish-List</span></a></li>
      <li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Closed_items"><span
 class="tocnumber">3.7</span> <span class="toctext">Closed items</span></a></li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<a name="Discussion_points"></a>
<h2> Discussion
points</h2>
<ul>
  <li>editing rego after payment (is_paid vs $0 balance vs discount
codes) </li>
  <li>non sequential id numbers, possibly used as capabilities (eg.
public unique URL for invoices)</li>
  <ul>
    <li>as capabilities they wouldn't be very good if they don't expire</li>
    <li>perhas some other mechanism for letting somebody else pay for
an invoice<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>invoice uniqueness and history and holding places until due date,
extending due date, ensure regeneration keeps due date unless
intentionally changed by organiser. LOTS OF ISSUES with this. </li>
  <li>multiple fields for some data (eg. phone number, nickname, ????) </li>
  <li>miniconf organiser role vs list</li>
  <ul>
    <li>the hard-coded list was a mistake on my (Jiri's) part, it needs
to go away in favour of either a role (maybe the existing mini-conf
role), or automatically detecting people who are associated with an
accepted mini-conf proposal (like speakers are detected).<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>is_speaker vs Speaker</li>
  <ul>
    <li>failed experiment, needs to be unified<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>Volunteer vs volunteer</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Volunteer is a $0 ticket type</li>
    <li>volunteer is (Volunteer) or (has indicated an area where
they're willing to volunteer, part of the time)<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>program scheduling (GUI editor, mini-conf organisers having
access, producing public pages) possibly including attendee schedules,
sms/email notifications, and any other bling. </li>
  <li>meaning of the word "registration" (make it consistent, and
unambiguous). Currently, it means about four different things:</li>
  <ul>
    <li>has an account on the website ("signed up")<br>
    </li>
    <li>filled in details but not yet paid ("tentatively registered")</li>
    <li>paid, or otherwise entitled to attend ("registered and paid")</li>
    <li>picked up badge at rego desk ("checked in")<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>accommodation, how much of a hack?</li>
  <li>additional fields on rego form:<br>
  </li>
  <ul>
    <li>request planet info from attendees? (specify lca only feed) </li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li>request gpg fingerprint from attendees (possibly whole key), <br>
    </li>
    <ul>
      <li>possibly print some small fingerprints with details for badge
      </li>
    </ul>
  </ul>
  <li>badge generation method?</li>
  <ul>
    <li>2007 had coloured parts of the badge pre-printed (only 2
kinds), then printed the delegate info in b&amp;w using a
search-and-replace on the SVG file. [AFAIK - any of the 2007 people,
correct me, please?]<br>
    </li>
    <li>2008 exported the data (using /admin/badge_data) and had it
professionally printed and put into holders and envelopes with name and
rego number printed on envelope. Empty envelopes were used as record of
attendance and entered into database. The envelopes were also used for
notes about attendees who haven't yet checked in ("refer sol'n desk" or
"notify [name] when he arrives"). Additional badges were printed on a
colour printer in the noc.<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>enhance invoicing (eg. manual invoices)</li>
  <ul>
    <li>2008 manual invoices; the bulk of them would be eliminated by
allowing changes after payment (accom for an existing paid rego,
extending existing accom, additional t-shirts / dinner tickets /
whatever for existing paid rego, upgrade from Hobbyist to Professional)
and group registration. However, even then there would be a few manual
ones:</li>
    <ul>
      <li>adjustment of invoice for Fairy Penguin sponsors with part
cash, part in-kind sponsorship<br>
      </li>
      <li>charging for use of equipment to open day tables (TV rental,
projector rental)</li>
      <li>rego invoices issued after close of conf (or have some other
mechanism to allow this)<br>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </ul>
  <li>lots and lots and lots of caching </li>
  <li>drop down to select relevant miniconf for rejected proposals</li>
  <ul>
    <li>I think that exists...<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>multiple speaker proposals</li>
  <ul>
    <li>really needs to be done!</li>
    <li>make it clear that people who aren't co-speakers at paper
selection time can't be added later<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>the extra t-shirt order should have proper sizes/styles selection
rather than a free-form text field </li>
</ul>
<a name="Status"></a>
<h2> Status</h2>
<p>Call for Papers open.
Working to finish the last few bits wanted for call for papers, then
paper review.
</p>
<a name="bzr_branches"></a>
<h3> bzr
branches</h3>
<ul>
  <li> <a href="http://lists.mel8ourne.org/zookeepr"
 class="external free" title="http://lists.mel8ourne.org/zookeepr"
 rel="nofollow">http://lists.mel8ourne.org/zookeepr</a>
    <ul>
      <li> If you edit a content snippet on the live site and commit
it, this is where it goes. </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Jiri's branch is <a
 href="http://www.baum.com.au/%7Ejiri/zookeepr/mel8-jiri/"
 class="external free"
 title="http://www.baum.com.au/~jiri/zookeepr/mel8-jiri/" rel="nofollow">http://www.baum.com.au/~jiri/zookeepr/mel8-jiri/</a>
(it's not very fast - sorry... that should only matter the first time,
though, updates are a lot less data.) </li>
</ul>
<a name="Deadlines"></a>
<h2> Deadlines</h2>
<p>This is part of the time-line for 2008, but it's likely to be
similar for other years.<br>
</p>
<ul>
  <li> may 15 - mini-conf proposals - <a
 href="http://wiki.mel8ourne.org/Zookeepr:miniconf-props"
 title="Zookeepr:miniconf-props">requirements</a> </li>
  <li> june 1 - open cfp </li>
  <li> july 20 - close cfp </li>
  <li> august - paper review </li>
  <li> prepare speaker notifications
    <ul>
      <li> rejection letters </li>
      <li> acceptance letters </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> august 18 </li>
  <li> september 1-2 - programme schedule </li>
  <li> september 7 - draft program circulated amongst speakers and
papers committee for comment / review / changes. </li>
  <li> september 10 - registration system final testing complete. </li>
  <li> October 1 - announce program and open registrations (Full
conference program available online) </li>
  <li> October 8 - extract abstracts to create conference program. </li>
  <li> November 12 - close early bird regos (changed to monday - to
give internationals all of friday to get their regos in.) </li>
  <li> November 30 - deadline for shwag / deliveries / etc. </li>
</ul>
<a name="To-do_list"></a>
<h2> To-do
list</h2>
<a name="Needed_to_close_call-for-papers"></a>
<h3> Needed
to close call-for-papers</h3>
<ul>
  <li> A more informative message indicating that CFP is
closed&nbsp;:-) </li>
</ul>
<a name="Needed_for_paper_reviewing"></a>
<h3> Needed
for paper reviewing </h3>
<p>(Note: Jiri will be out of town 18.6.-13.7.)
</p>
<ul>
  <li> (ghosts) deterministic random assignment of papers to reviewers </li>
  <li> See emails from Mary and Rusty for more requirements </li>
</ul>
<p>After meeting with allir, the following requirements are added:
</p>
<ul>
  <li> Geographical location </li>
</ul>
<p>- Departure airport
</p>
<ul>
  <li> Contact phone number (needed to contact speakers) </li>
</ul>
<a name="Needed_for_Registration_open"></a>
<h3> Needed
for Registration open</h3>
<ul>
  <li> Questions:
    <ul>
      <li> Need to specify that mini-conf organisers are allowed to
contact delegates who have indicated interest in a particular mini
conf. If communications could be done via zookeepr, and stored - we
would not have to handover contact details.
        <ul>
          <li> (17:06:25) cafuego: i think that's more work than we
want to put in, surely? </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Other:
    <ul>
      <li> Make sure the form shows earlybird prices when appropriate </li>
      <li> (ghosts) speakers - hotel / college preference </li>
      <li> make sure zookeepr gives people invoices, preferably a nice
PDF (liaise w/ Julien) </li>
      <li> (ghosts)&nbsp;? group payments ...? </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Comments / wontfix:
    <ul>
      <li> Why is the company called "SecurePay", the form is processed
by "SafePay" and the explanations are from "DirectOne"? </li>
      <li> Earlybird finishes 30 days after rego opens (which
translates roughly to 15 Nov 2007) </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> When text arrives:
    <ul>
      <li> partners' programme link on the form (Avi needs a PP info
page for this) </li>
      <li> open day link on the form (Avi needs an openday info page
for this) </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Going live: DONE </li>
</ul>
<a name="ASAP"></a>
<h3> ASAP</h3>
<ul>
  <li> ask donna:
    <ul>
      <li> reporting and admin - ask Donna for details </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Faye: Is it too late to change the registration form to make
under 5s free? </li>
  <li> request planet info from attendees?
    <ul>
      <li> this'd be part of a general "edit secondary info" page </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> resurrect badge code
    <ul>
      <li> on Jiri's computer: ~/mel8/johnf </li>
      <li> Jiri's inbox in kmail </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<a name="Other"></a>
<h3> Other</h3>
<p>(Some of these would be nice or even very nice for rego, but they
aren't absolutely required.)
</p>
<ul>
  <li>proposal suggestions:</li>
  <ul>
    <li>see Kim Oldfield's post "[mel8ourne] Speaker submission form
suggestion for 2009" on the mel8 "team" and "paper" lists, starting
"Here's my suggested list of details to collect when people put in
presentation proposals for 2009."; see also the ensuing thread.</li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li>Mary Gardiner: A software suggestion based on this thread: when
selecting next year's talks, it would be good to be able to (quickly)
mark their status in the software, and have a running total of
estimated amount spent on travel as the committee accepts talks. Having
an attendee solely dedicated to keeping costs within budget would be
the low-tech equivalent.<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>A way to enter payments manually, for cheques, direct deposits
and other miscellaneous things.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Possibly also a way to enter tentative payments, while cheque
is waiting to clear or similar.<br>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li> Cache "paid" status either for invoice or for rego, to speed up
"all valid regos" listing. </li>
  <li> Mini-conf organisers (like speakers) should be considered valid
even if they owe something. </li>
  <li> Additional fields for accepted proposals: code integer,
scheduled timestamp, finished timestamp, building text, theatre text;
(these are in the mel8 database, and used by some of the /admin pages,
but otherwise ZK doesn't know about them)
    <ul>
      <li> code is a quickref to day/timeslot/room: 1000's are day 1,
1300s day a slot 3, etc; afaik ZK doesn't make any use of it at all
currently<br>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> unify person.phone and registration.phone </li>
  <li> "Invalidate all invoices" feature, when something sells out
(accom, conf ceiling, etc). Ideally automatically, otherwise manually. </li>
</ul>
<pre> update invoice set last_modification_timestamp='14 Apr 2007';<br></pre>
<ul>
  <li> "Edit registration" should show the correct person details when
somebody else (an organiser) is editing the registration. </li>
  <li> Discount codes should be validated against the list of discount
codes... </li>
  <li> Discount codes should be made a little more powerful so that
they can replace the monday-pass and tuesday-pass roles (which are
currently a bit of a pain: the mini-conf speaker has to sign in but not
pay, then one of the organisers has to grant the role, then the
mini-conf speaker has to edit the registration to select the ticket
type.)
    <ul>
      <li> This would also enable codes that are NKA-only, rather than
me doing that manually (which is what /admin/discount_code_NKA is for -
list of codes I need to check to make sure they're NKA like they should
be). </li>
      <li> (from Donna) Maybe discount codes that can be used for
EITHER a free day pass OR a 20% discount for whole-conference ticket
types </li>
      <li> Using discount codes would also means that the mini-conf
organisers could be designated as team leaders and would therefore be
able to follow up on their mini-conf speakers that haven't registered.
Currently, they can't check, so we can't blame them for not checking...
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> (from Donna) rename "disc. code" to "rego code" or something,
because people expect a discount from a "discount code" and we've been
using them for non-discount things (group payments, rego-close
exceptions). </li>
  <li> Password reset should work multiple times, especially if
several months have elapsed (as between proposal submission and
registration). </li>
  <li> The miniconf role and the list of miniconf organisers in the
registration controller should be unified, or at least the difference
made clear. Probably as one or two roles, to make them easy to manage. </li>
  <li> The silly description should only be generated once, not changed
when the user hits an error or edits details. </li>
  <li> Earlybird invoices should make it clear that they're only
valid while earlybirds are open (the "due date" should be
earlybird-close and there should be a footnote about earlybird quota).
    <ul>
      <li> For now, I've changed it so that "due date" is 'now'. </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Document how to do manual stuff to invoices - marking stuff
as paid and inserting manual invoices into the system (so they can be
paid on-line). Alternately, implement UI for doing this&nbsp;:-) </li>
  <li> The rego form asks for "handle" and "superhero name", with the
handle not being used for much. Perhaps these should be merged. </li>
  <li> In registration, calculate is_speaker just once rather than over
and over (and over).
    <ul>
      <li> There's now a method is_speaker() on the person object, but
it's not (yet) used anywhere much. Registration should be switched over
to use that. </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Ideally, replace all instances of validators.Int with
BoundedInt (from lib.validators), which (a) defaults to the PostgreSQL
integer range and (b) allows tighter bounds when appropriate (like
min=0) </li>
  <li> Give an error message when cookies are blocked (rather than just
mysteriously failing to log in). </li>
  <li> Make sure the database schema on my (<a
 href="http://wiki.mel8ourne.org/User:Jiri" title="User:Jiri">jiri</a>'s)
test box matches the schema on the server
    <ul>
      <li> In particular, timestamps are with/without timezone, leading
to magical bugs </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> login should trim() the username before it checks the DB
    <ul>
      <li> it should also be case-insensitive </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> sign-in password shouldn't be sent in the clear, should use
https </li>
  <li> It would be good if james turnbull could list &amp; label
proposals that were forwarded to miniconfs, to make sure the miniconf
organiser contacted the speaker, like WE promised they would. </li>
  <li> Fix HTML / CSS so that it works in IE6. </li>
  <li> (22:45:16) evil_steve: will people be able to update info, etc
when we're really live? </li>
  <li> Mask 403 errors (turn them into 404s); possibly also give
404s instead of the login page for some restricted URLs. (see Donna's
e-mail)
    <ul>
      <li> Actually, that can just be done by removing
templates/error/404.myt - if that's missing, it should all go to
templates/error/default.myt... </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Outgoing e-mails should be properly encoded for unicode (both
the headers and the body - the body can just be utf-8, but the headers
are more complicated, IIRC). </li>
  <li> (23.4.2007 11:31:02) kimo: Should we add some details or a
section about LCA08? Eg when, where, etc? </li>
  <li> Make nosetests work again </li>
  <li> Admin in general </li>
  <li> Notes for the INSTALL file:
    <ul>
      <li> Dependence on MoinMoin </li>
      <li> See post on mailing list - Jiri, "zookeepr install notes",
28 Dec 2006 </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> (ghosts) "speaker manifest" - details for all the speakers so
that all cttee knows stuff </li>
  <li> (ghosts) badges from zookeepr (all badges, single badge) [not
sure if that was existing functionality or to-do item] </li>
  <li> (ghosts) Export abstracts to A6 [eg for programming use -
manipulating bits of paper on a big desk] </li>
  <li> (ghosts) manual input of payments </li>
  <li> (ghosts) feature idea: gift rego (also solves corporate...) </li>
  <li> (ghosts) moinmoin - index of all pages, recent changes; wiki
seeding is important </li>
  <li> (ghosts) try to get a security review </li>
  <li>&nbsp;? interface with CRM? (export/import; but try to avoid info
leaks...) </li>
  <li> Registering with an invalid e-mail address crashes, but creates
an unconfirmed (and unconfirmable) account first. </li>
  <li> It would be nice to be able to resend account confirmation
emails, invoices, payment confirmations, etc. Basically any e-mail
sent, should have option to re-send. </li>
</ul>
<ul>
  <li> KatteKrab: because we don;t have a wiki - how will speakers
post information about their presentations? slides, resources, code...
etc&nbsp;? we need to factor this in somewhere / somehow </li>
</ul>
<p>Previously in "Needed for call-for-miniconfs" section:
</p>
<ul>
  <li> See also <a
 href="http://wiki.mel8ourne.org/Zookeepr:miniconf-props"
 title="Zookeepr:miniconf-props">call-for-miniconfs requirements</a> </li>
  <li> Add BCC field to all outgoing email. </li>
</ul>
<a name="Non_Urgent.2C_Wish-List"></a>
<h3> Non
Urgent, Wish-List </h3>
<ul>
  <li> Additional things to ask for during rego:
    <ul>
      <li> planet info (RSS feed, primarily) </li>
      <li> PGP fingerprint for badge, also keysigning </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> 'mass mail' function that allows organisers to email sets and
subsets of the users (all speakers, all tentatives registered between
certain dates, etc). </li>
  <li> (14:55:40) ***tonyb sees an IRC bot to countdown as the tickets
are sold for nexxt years conference&nbsp;;P </li>
  <li> The "edit registration" for should keep the old
silly_description rather than replacing it. (Or maybe it shouldn't;
either way makes sense.) </li>
  <li> 404 template should really set the http response code to 404 and
not 200, as it does now. </li>
  <li>Admin - Would be good if profile list showed roles. Eg.
    <ul>
      <li>A. user </li>
      <li>B. registered to attend </li>
      <li>C. registered AND paid. </li>
      <li>D. submitted paper / mini conf </li>
      <li>E. accepted speaker </li>
      <li>F. volunteer </li>
      <li>G. organiser </li>
      <li>H. reviewer </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Do "current temp in melbourne" directly rather than via PHP. -
There is an XML feed with th info, the PHP script parses TXT. </li>
  <li> "timetable planner" in which attendees can plan the talks
which they want to go to. This would also be useful for figuring out
numbers. </li>
  <li> support multi-author papers </li>
  <li> automatically start all the sequences at different points, so
as to avoid confusion between person ID, account ID, invoice ID and
rego ID. Workaround: </li>
</ul>
<pre>SELECT setval('invoice_id_seq', 30000);<br>SELECT setval('registration_id_seq', 20000);<br>SELECT setval('account_id_seq', 40000);<br>SELECT setval('person_id_seq', 50000);<br>SELECT setval('rego_note_id_seq', 70000);<br></pre>
<ul>
  <li> the extra t-shirt order should have proper sizes/styles
selection rather than a free-form text field </li>
  <li> Keep track of registrations and payments better, so that the
system automagically copes with changing amount owed, getting people to
pay just the additional amounts for bits they've added (or bits that
were added into the database for them). This would probably mean
allowing multiple registrations per person; latest one with
cost&lt;=total_paid is the one that counts (except for calculation of
amount owed). That way, the whole registration can be edited.
    <ul>
      <li> Also handle refunds. </li>
      <li> Alternately, payments could behave like discount codes -
holding a place under the conf ceiling (and accom limit), but otherwise
not blocking anything. On subsequent invoices, they would show up as
"Payment - thank you". When invoice is paid or regenerated with balance
&lt;= zero, the type of rego and accom being held is updated. </li>
      <li> A third possibility would be to have a mechanism for accom
(and additional nights of existing accom); that seems to be the most
common use-case, when someone pays their rego and later realises that
they'll need accom (or additional accom). </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Invoices should have proper way of being marked invalid
(currently done by $0.01 items, no more than four) as well as "manual -
not to be regenerated" (which might also e-mail the cttee when paid).
Once there's a status code, it might as well also have the options
"paid" and "zero", to save having to re-calculate these all the time. A
"status reason" field would probably look better on the invoice than
additional items, though I guess additional items work well enough. </li>
  <li> Some way for organisers to mark "hold rego &amp; accom" for
people who have payment problems just before these sell out. For rego,
this can be done with 0% discount codes, but accom cannot... </li>
  <li> earlybirds taken should only be counted in one place
(currently: controllers/registration.py and
templates/registration/list.myt) </li>
  <li>&nbsp;? possibly shift the recording consent to the talk table?
(so the papers cttee can consider that) </li>
  <li>&nbsp;? condorcet/beatpath voting for best-ofs with web 2.0
drag-n-drop thingy? </li>
  <li> invoice numbers should probably be prefixed with "lca2008" or
similar, so that they are unique for Linux Australia.</li>
  <li>further inspiration:</li>
  <ul>
    <li><tt><a href="http://www.ungerboeck.com/tabid/128/default.aspx">http://www.ungerboeck.com/tabid/128/default.aspx</a></tt></li>
    <li><tt><a href="http://www.amlinkevents.com/">http://www.amlinkevents.com/</a></tt></li>
    <li><tt><a href="http://www.infosalons.com.au/">http://www.infosalons.com.au/</a></tt></li>
    <li><tt><a href="http://www.bcode.com/">http://www.bcode.com/</a><br>
      </tt></li>
  </ul>
</ul>
<a name="Closed_items"></a>
<h3> Closed
items </h3>
<ul>
  <li> Try it with mysql - done, doesn't work. MySQL can't handle
unique text fields(!) so it can't even create the database. </li>
  <li> Try it with postgresql - done, works. </li>
  <li> Admin for roles - done, via /profile (which the organisers can
see) </li>
  <li> how is the "role" table populated? - mostly fixed in the code,
rest as it pops up </li>
  <li> Get zookeepr to run on the VM </li>
  <li> The confirmation e-mail has wrong URL. </li>
  <li> port the code into pics.myt to randomise the pics </li>
  <li> Do some magic in nav.myt to make the menu dynamic based on URL </li>
  <li> Populate moin on the live site with the content </li>
  <li> Some CSS changes so that the sign in pages and zookeepr forms
don't look like crap </li>
  <li> Why does cfp/submit give a "Forbidden" error? Is that a closed
CFP?
    <ul>
      <li> Note: cfp is one of the parts the seven team plans to
refactor </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> dates added to header graphic </li>
  <li> Add a meta http-equiv header to all pages so that unicode
doesn't break when you save the .html to disk. meta
http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" </li>
  <li> Julien: Might be worth changing that e-mailed URL to just
mel8ourne.org or linux.conf.au now that the site is live, makes it more
likely that people visually recognise it. (Currently the URLs say
zookeepr.mel8ourne.org) (Fixed: changed to linux.conf.au ni config.ini)
  </li>
  <li> video submissions (URL to YouTube or some other video) </li>
  <li> Decide what "paper upload" means - decided (viz Donna's post),
nuked </li>
  <li> Zookeepr login page should point out that we haven't carried
accounts over from 07. </li>
  <li> Go through the cfp templates and forms </li>
  <li> (ghosts) assistance - none / may / need - 3 radio buttons? (but
would have to do stuff in the "may" cases...) </li>
  <li> Schema change: </li>
</ul>
<pre>alter table person add url TEXT;<br>alter table proposal add abstract_video_url TEXT;<br>alter table proposal add project text;<br></pre>
<ul>
  <li> Travel assistance
    <ul>
      <li> What should the list be? </li>
      <li> Default: no assistance </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> "View my submitted papers" (it's probably already there, just
find it and link to it)
    <ul>
      <li> Yeah, you can get to it via the profile page (/person); </li>
      <li> The editing form needs to be fixed up. </li>
      <li> Especially the bug where access control is apparently done
via &lt;div style="display:none"&gt; tags (!) </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> Fix the role grant/revoke page so that it works (as of
17.6.2007, it's crashing because it's trying to log that we're using <i>h</i>,
which is deprecated, and gets an I/O error on the logging). </li>
  <li> Fix the link on the /pony page. </li>
  <li> checksum the random comment field&nbsp;:-) (but with obvious
checksum...) </li>
  <li> (ghosts) CFP should include video release
    <ul>
      <li> This is now part of rego (rather than CFP). </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<!-- Saved in parser cache with key melb-lca-wiki-mlw_:pcache:idhash:1644-0!5!0!default!!en!2 and timestamp 20080208061342 --></div>
</div>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript">if (window.runOnloadHook) runOnloadHook();</script></div>
<!-- Served in 0.334 secs. -->
</body>
</html>
