= fun sql for acommodation =

How many beds are left?

this query gets the number of people currently registered for a
particular accommodation *option*

select accommodation_option.id, count(registration.id) as taken from
accommodation_option left outer join registration on
accommodation_option.id = registration.accommodation_option_id group
by accommodation_option.id;


this query gets the number of people currently registered for a
particular accommodation *location*

select accommodation_location.id, count(registration.id) as taken from
accommodation_location left outer join accommodation_option on
accommodation_location.id =
accommodation_option.accommodation_location_id left outer join
registration on accommodation_option.id =
registration.accommodation_option_id group by
accommodation_location.id;


this query joins the previous against the join of options and
locations, to get the number of rooms taken for all locations, mapped
to options.

select accommodation_option.id, accommodation_option.name,
accommodation_option.cost_per_night, accommodation_location.name,
accommodation_location.beds, regos.taken from accommodation_option,
accommodation_location, (select accommodation_location.id as loc_id,
count(registration.id) as taken from accommodation_location left outer
join accommodation_option on accommodation_location.id =
accommodation_option.accommodation_location_id left outer join
registration on accommodation_option.id =
registration.accommodation_option_id group by
accommodation_location.id) as regos where
accommodation_option.accommodation_location_id =
accommodation_location.id and regos.loc_id =
accommodation_location.id;
